Transcribed by UniScribe (https://www.uniscribe.co). Upgrade to remove this message.

Speaker  00:01
Hello. All right. So for this task, we are going to be creating a mock-up in Canva for a new landing page. And there's going to be a few of these, but for this one, it is for the non-profit attorney lander. But this video will be reused for multiple keywords, and it's going to be the same exact process. So to know the keyword that we're

Speaker  00:29
Doing it for you can just see in the parent task. It will be noted there. So this one is again for the nonprofit attorney, but you also see this video for other ones. Anyways, basically, this is going to be fairly simple. It's going to be a Canva mockup and the page is going to look exactly the same as this page here, which I will make sure is linked in the task. So it's this page right here.

Speaker  01:01
Anyways, the main goal of this is to ensure from a keyword standpoint that the keyword that is in the parent task, so in this case, the nonprofit attorney, is mentioned. The reason for this is from a paid search standpoint, there's something called quality score.

Speaker  01:29
And part of the quality score is landing page experience and if the page isn't relevant the experience will just be average or below average. So you can see all these are listed as average. So we want to make sure that the page is as relevant as possible. So it does say non-profit attorney like in the title here.

Speaker  01:55
or in the, I don't know what this is, like on this tab here, but on the H1, it does not say it. So biggest thing is to have it on the H1. So if I just looked at, let's see. So their title, they have nonprofit attorney. That's good. Description, they have nonprofit lawyers. So that's good. And by the way, I'm actually changing this to be

Speaker  02:30
Nonprofit attorney slash lawyer so we want to kind of use both of those but if we go back to this this tool and then you take a look at the headings this h1 right here does not have nonprofit attorney or lawyer and Also, I don't know if it has it anywhere on any header whatsoever so long story short want to make sure that that changes and we have nonprofit attorney lawyer and

Speaker  03:07
But also, I do think this is a really good CTA. So you're going to want to do this in a way that we add in nonprofit attorney, but we keep the similar type of CTA, if that makes sense. So that might mean that, you know, there could be like a subheader and a header or something like that.

Speaker  03:33
But again, we do want to make sure without changing the conversion rate optimization of it that the keyword is mentioned in the header. Additionally, I would make sure it's sprinkled in in some other headers down below. So maybe that could be a snippet of content that you're adding regarding that keyword anywhere on this page.

Speaker  04:02
And then lastly, so this is something that you'll want to do on this first mock-up and for the others. You won't need to anymore, but right now there is a sticky CTA for the phone number, but not for the form. I'd like to add to the sticky CTA a yellow button that

Speaker  04:32
is basically promoting the form. So either contact us today or free consultation, which would then link them back to this form. So as they scroll down, it would be here. What I'd also do is remove this contact us or change it to a link that links to another page. I don't want that to be the case. I'd like to just link to that same form. So that's a small thing you can call out to...

Speaker  05:08
And then mock up for Kyle V who's going to create this. Same thing here. This could just be changed to a CTA that brings you up to the top of the form. And then lastly, if you feel compelled, there's quite a bit of content on here. I don't think it's necessarily bad, but definitely open to having this trimmed down a little bit as far as some of the, a little bit of the content. So that's, that's something that,

Speaker  05:37
I'm open to. Additionally, I would remove these links as well. So that's kind of it. If you have any questions, please let me know. Again, as you get this for other keywords, you're just going to be able to reuse that existing mockup and then update the keywords. It's going to be a simpler process. But yeah, if you have any questions, just let me know. Thank you.

Transcribed by UniScribe (https://www.uniscribe.co). Upgrade to remove this message.
